welcome back everybody I thought I'd
show you some updates tada I have a few
little watchtowers yeah in addition to
that I started digging out the world a
little bit removing some of the stuff
around here so it actually looks a bit
like a little like an ocean side little
little big concider zone so the towers
am it's three floors at the moment and i
will be using a stop right there oh it's
actually beneficial the other one i will
be using a pause in there with the
detector block at some point just got an
awesome post on the forums as well with
some detailed explanation on how to do
so so hopefully i'll get the work at
some point but for now this is just a
very basic elevator also mr. Wiggles is
no more my love Little Wolf died by
accident when I hit it a few times with
an X see a very basic design to power
the elevators it's little a block right
there in the middle of their to a
detector block to stop it on the rain if
it's raining well you wouldn't want to
be up here anyway so when it rains the
windmill shuts down it have a cool few
point of the corridor there I like it
it's nice
started adding a bit on top is on the
sides the recorder which goes into
mountain for future mining excavation
boss
and another one on the side for a little
dog so you can hook up your boat there
so let me show you around do you
actually started adding some holes in
the signs as well might put some windows
in later on or maybe even frame it in
with a different kind of stone but it's
nice so you can actually see a little
bit outside and stuff the torches are
not final but just there right now it
pretty well they're a kind of
symmetrical excel at random places to to
lava from viewing so you can actually
see some stuff in the night a little bit
too you can walk around
and then this do so I'm continuing this
is a multi floor story but I want to
keep the middle part open for a a grand
halls for the same hey not to share body
to the wooden panels might change there
as well but I like the idea of having
some cool or massive looking pillars
holding it all up instead of just one
giant hall
if minecraft has run out of memory
awesome be right back
ready welcome back again sorry about
that so here we've got a little wood
paneling to line the walls to make a
little bit more crowded will probably
change it because I'm not too happy
about that I wanted to go for sort of a
hidden door but in all honesty again not
too happy about that so i'll probably
change their the block dispenser what
it's pushing out i did like the idea of
just having a simple door like that so
yeah a bit of an atrium style corridor
again which leads into the sea so you
can hook up some boats or stuff very
basic but i do like how it looks i think
it turned out quite cool i'm kind of
thinking and the same style of dress at
the building each suite now looking at
it I might actually extend the roof of
it to get like a patio style porch show
to say so even when you're in your boat
you're still dry I continue the same
style on the other side at all but
instead of having a an entrance point
it's just going to be a mine shaft or
something cement you before I want to
keep the majority of this part open so
it's going to be like a crown hall with
unlike some access from the size and
stuff but it might end up closing these
office wall segments so it comes a
little bit less open in addition
I was thinking about putting a little
and partly hidden platform system here
for like an additional entrance point
like a secret entrance not sure about
that yet but yeah that's pretty much it
so far things starting to look pretty
cool it's getting flashed up so yeah
need to find some move so I lost my
little mr. Wiggles oh well thanks for
watching